In previous sessions, I told you about all things like related to something that we created in the
Northeast, and then we created one HDMI file inside of Web Pages folder, a log in, which is basically
you log in to display admin logging methods.
So now I'm closing this because we are done with that admin logging and everything.
But as I told you, so this is basically Java Solarte.
But now we are going to deal with database Java Servlet and our estimate.
So before that, I'm going to use your Oracle database.
So always remember the Oracle database services IT beauty.
That port number is when you are installing will understand that.
So before installing Oracle, see there is one important step you have to change the.
Support for blast free survival, if you go to the libraries, you can see there is goulash with server
and in the tools of the ID, which is native beans.
You can go to schools.
It is the sort of what option go to that acceptable option.
You can see I changed the board 82 to 2000 in your your.
You can see people do it.
We did basically default for local host.
But I'm going to use your two zero two zero zero and when I change this, how I can change this.
So where the installation is located on Mac or Windows system in the Reno system, you have to go to
the studio, which is mandated, then uses your computer name that you will find the glass fish.
Sort of what a folder by default location is that you can change the location.
We'll do that or by then go to that domain.
So my location is domain.
Lashley's domains domain one config domain, not example, where you can find all the port numbers and
everything.
So open any that part in it or something notepad, notepad plus plus any code editor, then search for
your port number.
So I four two two zero zero to your ported activity.
So it it is not more located here, as you can see two zero or two zero zero.
So instead of ADT, you can change these to two zero zero.
Do not.
I look at it all on your system change.
A one two zero zero two is free on my system so I can deploy these two two zero zero two server press
and save this part.
Now you can.
Proceed with your installation of Oracle database, so as you can see in the server of your localist
port is now changed, so mine is already changed to two 00 do in your case, a duty change to another
way installing.
You can also change with another server name or something like that.
So this is by installing Oracle database, meaning all which you will find during this installation.
Once his installation done opened up ran the school command here, which is basically what I call it
school plus plus command.
So to connect to a school board, this executing, we are going to execute using this only we are not
going to use any new database or something to create.
I'm going to use this only so username means I'm going to say specified default system.
I remember when installing your password and remembering that password.
So as you can see, my system is connected now.
I can execute any school commands like creatively delete evil or anything.
So this is all about the Oracle database installation.
Before that, for delivery driver Oracle databases, you did or would you advise you, Oracle database,
Java database connection?
I'm going to use here for the invasion 10 to the latest or something.
So please use that also for database connection.
So that's all about everything set up with liberty for info that I'm going to tell you how we can set
up everything, but just remember these things.
So once we are done with our admin page now, let us move with this event log in page, so I'm going
to read part logging instrument I already created by the logging initiative when we do that, by this
one logging achievement page to say their time constraint.
So here we are going to give you two options create account.
If you are a new user, already a user, please log.
So we are going to create the signup demand for signup page on logging instrument logging.
So these are very simple and I'm going to create some.
I'm using the links, just I'm leaving the links.
It's all about different.
So let us create some peace.
Sign up first.
So what is the peace sign?
A sign up page?
So I'm going to remove this.
You can even do this just for me.
So we'll need all of the parties.
All we're in my case, you can change do to something on either, but I'm going to use only a single
link for these all things like style shoots and everything.
You then modify this to another, so please log in using valid name and username password, you can
add or something like that.
So I'm going to change this.
Please sign up not logging.
Please sign up.
As.
New user.
Nurtured.
So participants knew all about blogging going to change it to the sign up page.
OK.
Username should be your registration number you can change or something like that.
Your information, I'm going to change this.
No need to mention this because I consider this as a university first university related.
But now I'm going to change this to all, all over the bar.
So I'm going, I'm going to use it.
As I told you in admin, log in, I'm going to use your form.
It'll form.
It is posting action is stored.
Remember, this is our Java.
So learning which we are going to use stored being stored in the password on storing their data.
So I'm going to switch over naming your first name.
I just want to put their name.
You can add them all up to name, location, everything.
But I am going to want it only for different name, username, password and confirm password because
I'm going to tell you some basic part of it.
Not very deep part of everything.
So name then it should be text and feeling, then username based username password this and confirm
password, then submit button, and I'm going to close all the text that should ever be signed up.
So how we can see our story?
So before I'm going to tell story in all the methods with a database connection, I'm going to tell
you about more about sums.
So Lake Park, how this overlooks actually work and why this a Willard.
I'm going to use you for their database connection and everything.
So let us see why our database and everything is very good.
Using this on it, so normally on though, what is the function from server and everything runs on is
the request and response.
So consider that one server which uses CGI CGI means common gateway interface before these technologies
are exist.
Like server related Java, then Python.
Also, CGI is most commonly used.
So CGI technology enables the web server to call external programs.
What we are creating these are the external programs.
These are stored in the server, but it's not on the network.
Our Java program is not on.
The network is on the system.
Basically, we are riding on the system in support of features that part.
And to use that part logic inside.
So before that, so let's CGI technology and industry observer to call excellent programs and pass as
an issue to be requesting information.
We are going to pass that issue to be its go, and we're just so late on general logic to ask you to
be part by example and process requests for you to request you to start the new process.
So here comes some logical or computer science, but we'll say this means fast.
Lindsey Dreadnoughtus.
So if you want to go to three shops.
But every time what you are going to logic is, I'm going exemple, Photoshop, you want to go to shop
ABC, see what everything, what you are going to do on the starting point.
Go to e, then come to the starting point.
Then again, from the what to be.
Then again, come to the starting point to starting point.
Each process takes too much time, so it creates three processes, consider it like that if you want
to invoke three external programs, it creates three processes and new processes.
This clears server load ultimately serve, but he's a machine, so sort of addiction.
Boomers order for creating each new processes handle that process and everything, too.
We are assuming we are writing in the higher level language, but inside the machine it's again going
to using binary language, we can send machine level language.
So it is very difficult to handle programs, higher level programs.
Now, the disadvantages of CGI here comes as you can see, these are the this is the image of CGI.
This is a request from a client.
This is our server issue DPD server.
This is CGI solution.
What is it?
Well, it consists the external programs, which CGI programs.
So this is one process.
It goes through this.
It runs this and it will fetch.
This is a advantage for the new process.
This again page for the new process, these are the endless loops and these are going to be the news
request and it's giving the response.
So as you can see for this sort of a longer term memory for this.
So what I mean, when you so process what is very high for this digital programming?
So if the number of claims increases, it takes more time to sending the response.
Ultimately, our the response and the question should be less.
Yeah, that's only as the ideal conditions for each request in startup process and web server is limited
to start a process start process.
Just like we observe a great amount of times.
There is some restrictions on processes.
Also, you can bottle that much on what they consider a server, which can be on your toes or poses.
So if the clients come and ask for request, server can create more processes more than I'm considering
as an example, but it uses platform dependent language c C++.
Well, what is the difference between that?
Java is the platform independent.
You can use Java on any system as if you are using Linux Server, Mac Server, Windows Server, anything
you can use.
So I'm using the Windows machine is another tool.
What we can say with another person using Mac machine or Linux machine, it can easily use that Java,
but C C++ post-poll are platform dependent.
Ultimately.
So let us see what is Java, so it should Java.
So will it create web content in this very new technology we can say or retain technology we have.
It could be ex-dictator.
So this means basically these are the some will say, loading commands, or we can see process loading
handling commands.
So tips for handling multiple requests one three can handle 200 requests, so it can be a thousand requests,
arousal response, each trade.
So ultimately, we are increasing the number of processes so multiple requests can be come to the silver.
There are many benefits over the processes, such as they can share common immediate memory area.
They are later done processes each processes.
So traders can use common memorabilia like Trader one, three, two shares, common memory area in this
or what?
Eight until they like that.
So these trades, what can they do?
They can easily access same memory in any time or any amount of time.
There are some time stamps are given again.
The cost of communication between two trades like the one two also can communicate process one and process
two.
Communication is very difficult and there may be errors, things like that.
So for that error reduction, I'm going to be able to use some system methods or something like that.
But in trades, we can we can easily communicate that between two trades.
So Atlanta just off a little little of CGI, plus these moments always because it creates theater for
each request probability, because you did, our language increases probability language as you can.
There is a system default if CGI notes on your own machine, if there is error in some counterpart or
something like that.
If you are using common variable between two processes, c C++ will use the error of Java.
Language of unit is very low superposition, all again, low, robust JVM and just late.
So we don't need to worry about memory leakage, garbage collections, such parts.
So it is very robust.
So JVM takes good of that solid part and everything, so it creates a lot of good machine for that.
There is no need to worry about all things garbage collection, so it never throws a lot of value on
a system or issue to be continued.
Or we can say we.
Again, need secure because you, too, you enjoy the language we can see, we can create public private,
we can use abstract, we can use the interface, anything inside relies on it.
So these are all about the Java servlet.
Now, you know, the I will tell you about the great post in the letter.
But remember, we are going to use two methods here to get an metal or as you can see in in that we
created a source package.
We're using them as we created as well.
We are going to use do postmortem.
You're going to use to get the methodology here, but we are posting something information.
So I'm going to use your new post.
I use their new ghostwriter.
So this is all about the Java servlet I told you.
So in the next for the session, I'm going to tell you about how we can consider this and using piece,
how we can put in the database.
All the participants name anybody.